[CQA] Shorten abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4954)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-discovery-rules-by-using-cli.adoc

= Creating Discovery rules by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]
You can automate provisioning of discovered hosts by creating Discovery rules that assign hosts to host groups based on hardware attributes.

> For example, you can automatically provision high-CPU hosts as hypervisors and hosts with large disks as storage servers.

Reviewer: IMO this lacks the word "count" as in the original. Maybe

```suggestion
For example, you can automatically provision hosts with a large number of CPU cores as hypervisors and hosts with large disks as storage servers.
```
